CSS342 Homework Self-Assessment

Name:Ruiqi Huang

Do you have test functions testing all your functions? Have you tested
edge cases such as first element in an array, last element in an
array, empty array, etc? I have tested all my function with my own tests and with the tests given for the assignment.
I made sure all the tests passed. The tests include overloading values, negative values, decimal values, all the operator
overload functions, and etc. 

complete and correct programs:  50 / 50

Does your program compile without warnings? Are there any blocks of
repeated code that can be simplified?
My program compiled without warning in both linus and in visual studio. I compiled it in both environments. I feel like
the code overall for all the operators are already simple enough so I did not simplify those. I did simplify making the actual
TimeSpan using SetTime because many of the functions needed it to check if the time is right. SetTime basically converts
all the hours and minutes given to seconds and round the seconds to make sure it is not a decimal. We cannot have a decimal
amount of seconds. Then we convert everything back to hours, minutes and seconds accordingly. This makes sure there is no
overloaded values of hours, minutes, or seconds. 

good programming practices:    30 / 30

Do you have comments for each class both in the header and
implementation file? Does each variable and function have an
associated comment? Is your program properly indented? See "Code Style
Examples - Snippets" under C++ Resources for some common problems. For
example, all file names have to be in lowercase, all class names are
capitalized, need to have spaces after comments, stick to maximum 80
characters per line, space between operators, etc.
I have comment in each class in the headers file. I added some extra in the cpp file to further clarify the functions
that needs to be further clarified. All the variables used in methods are also commented to make sure they are clear. 
All the classes have a summary of what the class is used for. The main description of the TimeSpan class is in the 
headers file. 

code that is easy to understand:    20 / 20
