CSS342 Homework Self-Assessment

Name:Ruiqi Huang

Do you have test functions testing all your functions? Have you tested
edge cases such as first element in an array, last element in an
array, empty array, etc? 

I have test functions testing all my function in my driver class, ass1.cpp. I also have
tested all the cases listed above such as testing if the first element of array is in index 0 and the last element
int the array is actually in the last index. I use the IsInLibrary function to do so. I alsomade sure that the 
array does not contain any element beyond the last_index by changing the for loop of the ostream operator overload 
to list 20 elements. I changed it back once it is determined that there is no index beyond the last index. I also 
made sure to have tests specifically for empty arrays in the MyTest() method in the driver. 

complete and correct programs:  50 / 50

Does your program compile without warnings? Are there any blocks of
repeated code that can be simplified?

I have tested my program and it compiles without any warning or error. There are is a block of code that is repeated
which is the check if empty code for multipe of my functions. I did not make a function to simplify that code because 
I wanted the code to print out different messages for each function. For example, in the RemoveBook function I print
out a message saying "No books in the library, cannot remove anything." while in the ListAllBook function it prints
out "No books in the library. Cannot list any books." This gives a user an idea of which action we couldn't do because
the code is empty instead of having the same message saying the library is empty. This helps when the user wants to 
use multiple functions on a empty library and all the messages will be different, giving the reader a more in depth
understanding of which specific action they cannot do. But all the methods fits in one page so none of the methods
are overly complicated. 

good programming practices:    27 / 30

Do you have comments for each class both in the header and
implementation file? Does each variable and function have an
associated comment? Is your program properly indented? See "Code Style
Examples - Snippets" under C++ Resources for some common problems. For
example, all file names have to be in lowercase, all class names are
capitalized, need to have spaces after comments, stick to maximum 80
characters per line, space between operators, etc.
I have a comment for each class including the drivers class. Since this assignment only have two classes, including
the drivers class, I didn't have to worry about making sure all the classes have comments. All the variables and functions
have comments. Most comments for variable and functions are in the headers file but I made sure to include comments
that is needed in the .cpp file too. I could not find the Code Style Exmaples - Snippets so I used the Google Style convention
to help me. I also made sure that all my style meets the requirement listed in the examples above as well. I think that
my style is good since eveyrthing is readable and the names of variables and functions are made to fit whatever
they are for. 
code that is easy to understand:     20 / 20